Fix: typo in metric, rogue -> rouge (#4777)
allenai/allennlp: CHANGELOG.md

  with respect to the embedding layer, and aggregate wordpieces to tokens separately.
- Fixed the heuristics for finding embedding layers in the case of RoBERTa. An update in the
  `transformers` library broke our old heuristic.

> - Fixed typo `rogue` to `rouge` in `allennlp.training.metrics.rouge`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed typo with registered name of ROUGE metric. Previously was `rogue`, fixed to `rouge`.
```
